[Merged by Bors] - document resource limits (#308)
stackabletech/druid-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/usage.adoc

Druid uses S3 or HDFS deep storage, so no extra https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes[PersistentVolumeClaims] have to be specified.

=== Resource Requests

// The "nightly" version is needed because the "include" directive searches for
// files in the "stable" version by default.
// TODO: remove the "nightly" version after the next platform release (current: 22.09)
include::nightly@home:concepts:stackable_resource_requests.adoc[]

> If no resources are configured explicitely, the operator uses following defaults:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no resources are configured explicitly, the Druid operator uses following defaults:
```
